Aznavour avi Kant said the only way to
truly learn something is by doing it yes
listen to guidance but don't wait that
is such a powerful idea and I know right
now you're listening to this because you
want motivation you want to be inspired
but my greatest fear is that
you'll get motivated you'll get inspired
and that'll just be a declining art for
a few minutes after you listen to this
video that ends with you doing nothing
and what I want what I really hope for
and the reason that I give myself over
to making these so completely is I know
some percentage of you on the other side
of this will ultimately be prepared to
take that first step you will realize
that the only thing that matters is
action and you will take that action and
it's in that action that your potential
greatness waits and as Martin Luther
King said take the first step in faith
you don't have to see the whole
staircase just take the first step
you've just got to believe that you can
learn you don't have to believe that
you're already capable of doing what you
want you don't have to believe that you
can already build that thing that you
dream you don't have to believe that you
already are extraordinary you simply
have to believe that if you take that
first step you put yourself on a journey
not of execution you put yourself on a
journey of learning so that you can
execute and that when you understand
that difference that's when you really
will be on that path to greatness and
that is the thing that I want for
everybody listening to this please
understand the only thing you need to
know is that you have to take the first
step whatever the vision is that you
have for your life you absolutely can
make it come true and the process is
very simple the process is about
learning the process is about growing
and getting better it's about
recognizing
you're not good at it's about
recognizing what you have to learn it's
about taking that first step on faith on
faith that you can get better not on
faith that you're great on faith that
you can become the greatest of all time
and once you have that faith once you
know that simply being a human being
puts you in this rare category of
creature that can get better through
pressure through pain through difficulty
through failure those are the things
that are going to be the building blocks
of your success but in order to begin on
that road in order to have your first
glorious failure you must first take
that first step so please don't waste
your time being motivated or inspired
spend every second of your time moving
forward that's how you're gonna get
where you want to go
you
[Music]